feat(docs): enhance jetton page (#944)
tact-lang/tact: docs/src/content/docs/cookbook/jettons.mdx

}
```

:::tip[Hey there!]

> Didn't find your favorite example of a jettons communication? Have cool implementations in mind? [Contributions are welcome!](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact-docs/issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Didn't find your favorite example of Jetton usage? Have cool implementations in mind? [Contributions are welcome!](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact/issues)
```

I'd revert it back since the `tact-docs` repo is slowly getting archived and the actual docs are here, in `tact`
